Above all, when you're traveling, it is unbelievably important to stay calm, collected and keep your
wits about you because our arch nemesis, Mr. Freeze, is even more powerful when we're already stepping
outside our comfort zone.
So if and when danger strikes on your travels, you got to be extra ready to breathe, fight off the
freeze and trust your gut to help you stay in control and make smart, quick decisions to keep yourself
safe.
Listen to your instincts and heed what they tell you.
Women like us are known for our intuition, so use it to your advantage.
And when it tells you that something is off.
Don't ignore it for fear of being rude or making a mistake.
Trust yourself and don't be afraid to say something.
Or better yet, leave if your gut is telling you to remember.
The best protection is prevention.
If you can avoid a potentially dangerous or compromising situation altogether, so much the better.
So when in doubt, just walk away or tell them to go away or both?
Don't risk it.
You won't do yourself any favors by freaking out or freezing.
I know this is easier said than done, and it's hard to know how you will react until you are actually
facing it.
It's understandable to panic in the face of danger, but it is imperative to your survival that you
stay calm and in control of yourself.
You can't control the situation or what others might do, but you can control how you react and you
are stronger than you think.
So do like Frankie says, and relax, breathe, think and then act like the smart, tough cookie you
are.
Panic isn't helpful beforehand, either.
Even if your gut is telling you that -- is going to hit the fan imminently.
Yes, listen to your gut.
But with composure and logical reasoning, you won't be doing yourself any favors if you freak out.
Now, fear can be a healthy emotion.
It's your body's way of keeping you alert and ready, but there is a difference between trepidation
and full blown panic.
It never helps to panic.
So as you absorb and embody all of the advice I've given you here, remember above all to keep your
wits about you and stay confidently, cool, calm and collected.